README.md, before:

# Spring Security Template

## 0. Architecture

### 1) Authentication Architecture
![](https://docs.spring.io/spring-security/reference/_images/servlet/authentication/architecture/securitycontextholder.png)

**Authentication vs UserDetails**

Authentication ⊃ UserDetails

Authentication consists of
- principal : Identifies the user. Often an instance of UserDetails
- credentials : Often a password
- authorities : permissions the user is granted

**AuthenticationProvider**

- the one who actually perform authentication
- DaoAuthenticationProvider : username/password
- JwtAuthenticationProvider : authenticating a JWT token

**AbstractAuthenticationProcessingFilter**
- a base filter that authenticates a user's credential
- creates ***Authentication*** instance based on subclass of this filter
- UsernamePasswordAuthenticationFilter -> UsernamePasswordAuthenticationToken : username/password auth by form
- BasicAuthenticationFilter -> UsernamePasswordAuthenticationToken :username/password auth by Basic header 

![](https://docs.spring.io/spring-security/reference/_images/servlet/authentication/architecture/abstractauthenticationprocessingfilter.png)

**UserDetailsService**

- used by DaoAuthenticationProvider
- defines the way to retrieve a username, password, etc

## 1. Basic Authentication

- By default, Spring Security's HTTP Basic Authentication support is enabled
- However, as soon as any servlet based configuration is provided, HTTP Basic must be explicitly provided

```
    @Bean
    public SecurityFilterChain filterChain(HttpSecurity http) throws Exception {
        http
                .authorizeHttpRequests(authorize-> authorize
                        .anyRequest().authenticated())
                .httpBasic(withDefaults());
        return http.build();
    }
```

## 2. JWT Authentication(TOTO)

## 3. OAuth(TODO)

## 4. Spring Security Test

### 1) @WithMockUser

- annotation used to pass the spring security

Commit message:

register user POST /user SecurityFilterChain POST - csrf

README.md, after:

# Spring Security Template

## 0. Architecture

### 1) Authentication Architecture
![](https://docs.spring.io/spring-security/reference/_images/servlet/authentication/architecture/securitycontextholder.png)

**Authentication vs UserDetails**

Authentication ⊃ UserDetails

Authentication consists of
- principal : Identifies the user. Often an instance of UserDetails
- credentials : Often a password
- authorities : permissions the user is granted

**AuthenticationProvider**

- the one who actually perform authentication
- DaoAuthenticationProvider : username/password
- JwtAuthenticationProvider : authenticating a JWT token

**AbstractAuthenticationProcessingFilter**
- a base filter that authenticates a user's credential
- creates ***Authentication*** instance based on subclass of this filter
- UsernamePasswordAuthenticationFilter -> UsernamePasswordAuthenticationToken : username/password auth by form
- BasicAuthenticationFilter -> UsernamePasswordAuthenticationToken :username/password auth by Basic header 

![](https://docs.spring.io/spring-security/reference/_images/servlet/authentication/architecture/abstractauthenticationprocessingfilter.png)

**UserDetailsService**

- used by DaoAuthenticationProvider
- defines the way to retrieve a username, password, etc

`POST` to `/signup` endpoint to save user info in database

    {
        'userId' : id,
        'password': password,
        'phone': phone number
    }

## 1. Basic Authentication

- By default, Spring Security's HTTP Basic Authentication support is enabled
- However, as soon as any servlet based configuration is provided, HTTP Basic must be explicitly provided

```
    @Bean
    public SecurityFilterChain filterChain(HttpSecurity http) throws Exception {
        http
                .authorizeHttpRequests(authorize-> authorize
                        .anyRequest().authenticated())
                .httpBasic(withDefaults());
        return http.build();
    }
```

## 2. JWT Authentication(TOTO)

## 3. OAuth(TODO)

## 4. Spring Security Test

### 1) @WithMockUser

- annotation used to pass the spring security
